README.md, before:

# EventGo 🎟️

Ever feel tired of ticketmasters downtime and poor queue management? Fear not, because with EventGo, you will never have to worry about your seat being stolen by another user.

EventGo's Key Features:

- Ticket Transfer 🎫
  - Never get scammed again! Transfer your tickets worry free between users on EventGo, where we manage the payments for you. Tickets are only transferred when the buyer pays successfully!
- Split Payment ↔️
  - Buying for your friends? EventGo offers seamless split payment methods, so you never have to worry if you have enough money to cover the whole group!
- Managed Event Cancellation ❌
  - Remeber when Justin Bieber cancelled his tour.. EventGo maanges these events fuss free, ensuring that ticket holders are kept in the loop and promptly refunded.

# Setup

## Stripe

To set up Stripe with this application, you will have to set up the Stripe webhook listener. Run the following commands in your terminal

```bash
stripe login
stripe listen --forward-to localhost:8010/webhook
```

Make sure to take note of the webhook secret given by Stripe

## Backend

1. Copy the content of `eventgo-backend/.env.example` and paste into `eventgo-backend/.env`

```bash
cd eventgo-backend
cp .env.example .env
```

2. Replace Stripe Secret Key and Webhook Key with your own

```bash
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_...
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=whsec_...
```

3. Seed the data and start the containers. This has been managed via a script

```python
python restart_docker.py OR
python3 restart_docker.py
```

## Frontend

1. Install dependencies

```
cd eventgo-frontend
npm i
```

2. Populate `.env.local`

Copy the content of `eventgo-frontend/.env.example` and rename it to `eventgo-frontend/.env.local`.

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

3. Replace the Stripe Public Key with your own:

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=********
```

## Running Frontend

```
npm run dev
```

Commit message:

chore: upd readme with nuance

README.md, after:

# EventGo 🎟️

Ever feel tired of ticketmasters downtime and poor queue management? Fear not, because with EventGo, you will never have to worry about your seat being stolen by another user.

EventGo's Key Features:

-   Ticket Transfer
    -   Never get scammed again! Transfer your tickets worry free between users on EventGo, where we manage the payments for you. Tickets are only transferred when the buyer pays successfully!
-   Split Payment ↔️
    -   Buying for your friends? EventGo offers seamless split payment methods, so you never have to worry if you have enough money to cover the whole group!
-   Managed Event Cancellation ❌
    -   Remeber when Justin Bieber cancelled his tour.. EventGo maanges these events fuss free, ensuring that ticket holders are kept in the loop and promptly refunded.

# Setup

## Stripe

To set up Stripe with this application, you will have to set up the Stripe webhook listener. Run the following commands in your terminal

```bash
stripe login
stripe listen --forward-to localhost:8010/webhook
```

Make sure to take note of the webhook secret given by Stripe

## Backend

1. Copy the content of `eventgo-backend/.env.example` and paste into `eventgo-backend/.env`

```bash
cd eventgo-backend
cp .env.example .env
```

2. Replace Stripe Secret Key and Webhook Key with your own

```bash
STRIPE_SECRET_KEY=sk_test_...
STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET=whsec_...
```

3. Seed the data and start the containers. This has been managed via a script

```python
python restart_docker.py OR
python3 restart_docker.py
```

## Frontend

1. Install dependencies

```
cd eventgo-frontend
npm i
```

2. Populate `.env.local`

Copy the content of `eventgo-frontend/.env.example` and rename it to `eventgo-frontend/.env.local`.

```bash
cp .env.example .env.local
```

3. Replace the Stripe Public Key with your own:

```bash
NEXT_PUBLIC_STRIPE_PUBLISHABLE_KEY=********
```

## Running Frontend

```
npm run dev
```

## EventGo - Scenario Overview Table

\*_For Scenarios with timeout (i.e. Scenario #3), the timeout duration has been reduced to **1 minute** for demonstration purposes. To effectively perform split payment, party member has to pay within 1 min or else split payment will not work. This is set up to demonstrate us triggering the timeout mechanism which will conditionally release Bob's ticket as per video demo._

| Scenario                                         | Problem                                                                                           | Solution                                                                                                           | Key Concepts Demonstrated                                                                                                                                                                         |
| ------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **#1 - Event Cancellation + Automatic Refunds**  | Users are left confused or frustrated when events are canceled without timely updates or refunds. | Admin cancels an event, triggering automatic refunds, status updates, and real-time email notifications.           | - Microservice orchestration<br>- Asynchronous processing via AMQP<br>- Composite service for cancellation<br>- Stripe refund integration<br>- Personalized notifications                         |
| **#2 - Ticket Transfer & Resale via Stripe**     | Peer-to-peer ticket reselling often leads to fraud, fake tickets, or payment disputes.            | EventGo enables authenticated ticket transfers and payments directly in-app, using Stripe and email notifications. | - Two-phase orchestration pattern<br>- Payment link generation with Stripe<br>- Direct ticket ownership transfer through EventGo<br>- Message-based communication<br>- Secure ticketing ecosystem |
| **#3 - Split Payment for Group Booking**         | Group leaders face financial risk or inconvenience when booking tickets for friends.              | Split booking lets users share payment responsibilities. Reserved seats timeout if not paid in 10 minutes.         | - Split payment orchestration<br>- Timeout-based logic<br>- Conditional refund handling<br>- Coordinated microservices<br>- Notification queue system                                             |
| **Bonus: #0 - Basic Event Booking with Timeout** | Users may abandon the booking mid-payment, locking seats and limiting availability.               | Implements a 10-minute timer to release unpaid reservations, ensuring fairness.                                    | - Timeout with delayed function<br>- Booking validation via Stripe<br>- Ticket status management<br>- Real-time user notification via AMQP                                                        |
